#labels Featured
=Introduction=
==Sumamry==
This is a tool to add watermark (image or text) to existing images at designated position. The tool can:
  * Rotate watermark image;
  * Choose opacity level of watermark image;
  * Rotate watermark text;
  * Choose color and opacity of watermark text;
  * Able to use Exif information in watermark text.
Tool also provides following features:
  * Batch rename files while they are being processed.
  * Batch add drop shadow to pictures.
  * Batch add border to pictures.
  * Batch resize original pictures.
  * Generate thumbnail images.
  * Apply additional processing, such as grey scale, negative colour, oil paint effect, relief effect and so on.
  * Multi-lingual support; currently supported languages: English, Simplified Chinese. Do you know more languages, welcome to help translation.
==Project Name==
Sea Turtle Batch Image Watermark Processor
==Version Number==
2.8 (File# 2.8.0.0, Build# 2.8.3874.36740)
=System Requirement=
==After You Download the Package==
The binary package is compressed by [http://www.7-zip.org/ 7-Zip], which is an open-source software under GNU license.
==Before You Run It==
Please make sure you have Microsoft .Net Framework 3.5 Runtime installed (download at http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?FamilyId=333325FD-AE52-4E35-B531-508D977D32A6) AND Microsoft .Net Framework 3.5 Service Pack 1 ( download at http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?familyid=ab99342f-5d1a-413d-8319-81da479ab0d7)
=Screenshots and Video Demo=
Some screenshots of the applciation could be found [Screenshot_en here].
For video demo of the tool, please visit [http://www.downloadtube.com/Sea-Turtle-demo-installation-windows.html here].
= FAQ =
 * I downloaded the application, [FAQ_Begin_en how do I begin]?
 * I want to add image as watermark to all my pictures, [FAQ_Image_Watermark_en how do I do it]?
 * I want to add static text as watermark to all my pictures, [FAQ_StaticText_Watermark_en how do I do it]?
 * I want to add dynamic Exif as watermark text to all my pictures, [FAQ_ExifText_Watermark_en how do I do it]?
 * I want to add drop shadow to all my output images, [FAQ_DropShadow_en how do I do it]?
 * I want to add border to all my output images, [FAQ_Border_en how do I do it]?
 * I want to shrink all output images, [FAQ_Shrink_en how do I do it]?
 * I want to generate thumbnail or batch rename output files, [FAQ_Output_en how do I do it]?
 * I finished all settings, [FAQ_Make_en how do I generate output images]?
=Version History=
  * 2010-08-11: [Summary_28_en 2.8 (file 2.8.0.0)]
  * 2010-04-12: [Summary_27_en 2.7 (file 2.7.0.0)]
  * 2010-02-15: [Summary_26_en 2.6 (file 2.6.0.0)]
  * 2009-09-18: [Summary_25_en 2.5 (file 2.5.0.0)]
  * 2009-07-29: [Summary_24_en 2.4 (file 2.4.0.0)]
  * 2009-03-19: [Summary_23_en 2.3 (file 2.3.0.0)]
  * 2009-03-06: [Summary_22_en 2.2 (file 2.2.0.0)]
  * 2009-02-24: [Summary_21_en 2.1 (file 2.1.0.0)]
  * 2009-02-08: [Summary_20_en 2.0 (file 2.0.0.0)]
  * 2008-02: [Summary_for_Version_1 Version 1.0]
=About This Project=
==Techinical Hilite==
  * The project is created with Microsoft .Net Framework 3.5 in C# language.
  * Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) is used to create User Interfrace (UI) layer.
  * Model View Presenter (MVP) pattern supported by Microsoft Unity Framework is used.
==Future Feature Consideration==
  * Add theme feature.
  * To publish to online image host service from the tool, for example Flickr, SkyDrive, Pisaca Web and so on, upon availability of API from the providers.
  * Enhance border, drop shadow feature. There are some good and free tools to provide very cool border and shadow feature, such as http://www.neoimaging.cn/
  * More ideas, welcome to talk with me.
==Join the Development Team==
I welcome anybody who can provide help from following areas:
  * Strong user interface (WPF) designer.
  * Developers with strong GDI background.
  * Translators to localize the product into your own languages.
If you have the interest to help to make this project better, feel free to contact with me.
=Contact Author=
==Direct Contact==
Please feel free to send me comments, bugs, feature requests and so on to my email address hardy.yin.wang(at)gmail.com (please replace (at) with @ when you send email).
==Online Discussion Group==
[http://groups.google.ca/group/sea-turtle-batch-image-processor]
=Visitor Map=
[http://www2.clustrmaps.com/counter/maps.php?url=http://code.google.com/p/batch-image-watermark-processor/ http://www2.clustrmaps.com/stats/maps-no_clusters/code.google.com-p-batch-image-watermark-processor--thumb.jpg]